LBAAS-2427 Add project id annotation for load balancers CCM (#545)
digitalocean/digitalocean-cloud-controller-manager: docs/controllers/services/annotations.md

**Note**

You have to supply the value as string (ex. `"true"`, not `true`), otherwise you might run into a [k8s bug that throws away all annotations on your `Service` resource](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/59113).

## service.beta.kubernetes.io/do-loadbalancer-project-id

> Indicates which project to associate the loadbalancer to. This defaults to the users default project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates which project to associate the Load Balancer with. If not specified, the Load Balancer will be placed in your default project.
```
